hello youtube people welcome to my
channel in today's video I'm going to
teach a simple method to be able to
make the pattern of a skirt of two
folds this type of skirt is pretty
current animes especially for
uniforms it's about a skirt with a
fold forward and back but
there may be variations such as for example
this one in uniform of the series in weeks
box is the scholar who carries king vich and
me and you can see on the screen or the skirt
of the target costume of the frozen film of
disney
It can be done in all kinds of fabrics and
the lining is done in the same way
that a basic skirt and also both
For front as for rear it is done
in the same way but if I'm just going to
explain it with a forward
we just need the base skirt pattern
If you do not know how to do it
please visit the video that is in my
channel you can do it by clicking
directly this image that comes out in
screen
we started step 1 on the base pattern of
skirt we mark eleventh contour of the
hip with a vertical line at
throughout the pattern that is where it goes
the clamp and then lengthened the piece
with the same width as the base pattern
up to the hip
Step 2 number the parts of the skirts
so as not to lose them this time they will be
of 1 and 2 and you're going to cut along the line
of eleventh contour that is where it is
the clamp and also that clamp you're going to
cut because we do not need it to
this skirt
step 3 places the previous piece in the
spine or fold of the fabric
if you want you can do all the pattern
on whole paper before step 4 mark now
a separation of about 15 centimeters in
the low and from the hip line of
12 centimeters and will divide by 2 by the
half this will be your fold now place
the interior piece
step 5 on the bottom towards the
inside of the crease marks a
centimeter and a half and it fades sanz
the hip
that's the depth of your fold and in
the outside inwards marks
that same distance and the fade is
towards the hip again
are these triangular colored parts
water
step 7 round the bass and fold the
folds joining the initial pieces
as if I had not separated them as
shows in the video from the back of
tables and cut the top part when
be bent but not before so that
sew you can grab all the fold of
the skirt and own the waistband you should
stay like a piquito in the part of
up here the tutorial remembers
If you have any questions, you can leave
in the comments or you can visit my
Cosplay page has the same name
that the channel and send me a message
private so he can explain it to you
half of a google hangout if it has
liked
like it share the video and subscribe
bye